This is Senator Estes' keep-off for a Tennessee.
Four years ago, you struck a great blow for good government in the state of Illinois,
when you elected Adelaide Stephenson as governor and Sherwood Dixon as Lieutenant Governor.
They have done a great job particularly in the field of law enforcement.
About two years ago, after the conclusion of our Senate Crime Committee hearings here in Chicago,
I had good reason to highly commend them upon the fine and courageous effort that they had done
to suppress crime and corruption in this state.
I know that Sherwood Dixon will continue on that good job.
A partnership now between Adelaide Stephenson as president and Sherwood Dixon as governor
would be a great thing for the people of this country and of the state of Illinois.
Keep up the cleanup.
Elect Sherwood Dixon, Governor of Illinois.
Both Tuesday, November 4th.